add documentation for incremental feeds section (#671)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/feeds.md

Examples of incremental feeds usually include feeds that fetch based on a time range. For example, a daily feed which provides new indicators for the last day or a feed which is immutable and provides indicators from a search date onwards.

> So, if you do want to write an incremental feed prior 6.2.0, please use `get_feed_last_run` and `set_feed_last_run`, which can be imported from `CommonServerPython`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order save last fetch time or similar information that needed by the incremental feed for the next fetch, for a feed that run on Cortex XSOAR version prior 6.2.0, please use `get_feed_last_run` and `set_feed_last_run`, which can be imported from `CommonServerPython`.
```

> `get_feed_last_run` - it checks your XSOAR version: prior 6.2.0, this function gets the feed's last run from the `IntegrationContext` using `getIntegrationContext`, and from 6.2.0 and later it gets it from the `lastRun` object, using `getLastRun`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`get_feed_last_run` - Checks current XSOAR version: prior 6.2.0, this function gets the feed's last run from the `IntegrationContext` using `getIntegrationContext`, and from 6.2.0 and later it gets it from the `lastRun` object, using `getLastRun`. 
```

> `set_feed_last_run` - it checks your XSOAR version: prior 6.2.0, this function sets the feed's last run from the `IntegrationContext` using `setIntegrationContext`, and from 6.2.0 and later it sets it from the `lastRun` object, using `setLastRun`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`set_feed_last_run` - Checks current XSOAR version: prior 6.2.0, this function sets the feed's last run from the `IntegrationContext` using `setIntegrationContext`, and from 6.2.0 and later it sets it from the `lastRun` object, using `setLastRun`.
```

> If you write an incremental feed from 6.2.0 or higher, you can use `setLastRun` and `getLastRun` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the feed is running only on Cortex XSOAR version 6.2.0 or higher(depending on `fromversion` field in the feed .yml file), please use `setLastRun` and `getLastRun` directly.
```
